README.md, before:

![merely logo](profile.png)
# merelybot
![Python build status](https://github.com/yiays/merely/workflows/merelybot/badge.svg?branch=master)

merely is a discord bot intended to be highly modular and able to enhance a [discord server](https://discord.gg/f6TnEJM) it's invited to with useful commands like...
 - `m/shorten` to shorten URLs | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/shorten)
 - `m/vote` to hold live multichoice polls in a channel | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/vote)
 - `m/welcome` and `m/farewell` to create custom messages when people leave or join | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/welcome)
 - `m/clean` and `m/purge` to quickly clean up a text channel | [clean demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/clean) | [purge demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/purge)
 - `m/janitor` to make tidy channels where bot spam is automatically removed | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/janitor)
 - `m/dice` to roll as many custom dice as your heart desires | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/dice)
 - `m/meme` to bring the power of a [meme database](https://meme.yiays.com/) to a discord server | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/meme)
> [visit the webUI >](https://merely.yiays.com/)

> [add merely to your server >](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=309270899909984267&scope=bot&permissions=0)

## news
merely is approaching three years of development and simultaneously the 1.0.0 update. merely has reached a high level of stability, scalability and modularity.
> [see the roadmap for future updates >](https://github.com/yesiateyoursheep/merely/projects/1)

## changelog
you can read the up to date changelog [here](https://merely.yiays.com/changes.html) (or, alternatively, [here](merely_data/changes.md)).

## usage
 - clone the project to a folder
 - install required python packages with `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
 - create a discord bot in the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications/), you will need the token to continue
 - give merely the token with
   - `export MerelyBeta="TOKEN"` on linux
   - `setx MerelyBeta "TOKEN"` on windows
   - *it's recommended you create a .bat or .sh file which assigns these variables whenever you start the bot*
 - run it with `python3 merelybot.py`

after the first run, you can enable commands by editing the file at merely_data/config.ini in order to enable modules. simply switch the value of each module you want from `False` to `True`, note that the meme module has external dependencies and will not work in a local environment yet.

once modules have been enabled, you can list commands available to you using `m/help` in a discord channel the bot has access to.

## contributing
work is being done towards making merely customisible, with custom prefixes and dynamic help menus. the ultimate goal is to make it possible for people to host their own customized discord bots using merely as a base, perhaps even being able to install more modules made by other people.

feel free to fix any bugs or add new features to a fork, and send me a pull request, pretty standard github stuff.

## modules
| module | description | added |
| ------ | ----------- | ----- |
| [main](merelybot.py)* | imports all modules, creates some global variables, establishes a log, and runs the main loop | 0.1.0 |
| [globals](globals.py)* | contains global variables and configuration data | 0.1.0 |
| [help](help.py)<sup>1</sup> | help contains help strings for all commands, lists of commands, lists of hints and other documentation. | 0.1.0 |
| [search](search.py) | google, google images and help search libraries/commands | 0.1.0 |
| [admin](admin.py) | commands restricted to mods and server owners | 0.1.0 |
| [censor](censor.py) | the blacklist, whitelist and algorithms used to determine if blacklisted words are in a string, also sass | 0.1.0 |
| [emformat](emformat.py) | useful functions for formatting strings into discord embeds | 0.1.0 |
| [fun](fun.py) | fun commands available to everyone, like `m/echo`, `m/vote` and `m/dice` | 0.1.0 |
| [meme](meme.py) | connects to [MemeDB](https://meme.yiays.com/) and provides commands and react buttons to interact with it. *legacy: stores and shares memes in a local database* | 0.1.0 |
| [webserver](webserver.py)<sup>1</sup> | serves [merely.yiays.com](https://merely.yiays.com/) | 0.2.0 |
| [stats](stats.py)<sup>1</sup> | statistics collection and storage, `m/stats` and [the stats page](https://merely.yiays.com/stats.html) | 0.2.0 |
| [obsolete](obsolete.py) | stores stubs for old obsolete commands and promotes merely music when someone attempts to use musicbot commands | 0.2.3 |
| [utils](utils.py) | provides useful general functions for programming merely | 0.7.3 |
| [tools](tools.py) | provides tools for all users (unlike admin, which is for mods and server owners) like `m/shorten` | 0.7.4 |

 - \* = must be imported for minimal functionality
 - <sup>n</sup> = these modules are codependant - they must be enabled together

Commit message:

Add meme search functionality, fix memerepeat Also tweaked the command syntax info to be more clear

README.md, after:

![merely logo](profile.png)
# merelybot
![Python build status](https://github.com/yiays/merely/workflows/merelybot/badge.svg?branch=master)

merely is a discord bot intended to be highly modular and able to enhance a [discord server](https://discord.gg/f6TnEJM) it's invited to with useful commands like...
 - `m/shorten` to shorten URLs | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/shorten)
 - `m/vote` to hold live multichoice polls in a channel | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/vote)
 - `m/welcome` and `m/farewell` to create custom messages when people leave or join | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/welcome)
 - `m/clean` and `m/purge` to quickly clean up a text channel | [clean demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/clean) | [purge demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/purge)
 - `m/janitor` to make tidy channels where bot spam is automatically removed | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/janitor)
 - `m/dice` to roll as many custom dice as your heart desires | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/dice)
 - `m/meme` to bring the power of a [meme database](https://meme.yiays.com/) to a discord server | [demo](https://merely.yiays.com/#/meme)

in place of `m/`, you can also use `merely ` or `@merely `, eg `m/help`, `merely help` and `@merely help` are all valid.

> [visit the webUI >](https://merely.yiays.com/)

> [add merely to your server >](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=309270899909984267&scope=bot&permissions=0)

## news
merely is approaching three years of development and simultaneously the 1.0.0 update. merely has reached a high level of stability, scalability and modularity.
> [see the roadmap for future updates >](https://github.com/yesiateyoursheep/merely/projects/1)

## changelog
you can read the up to date changelog [here](https://merely.yiays.com/changes.html) (or, alternatively, [here](merely_data/changes.md)).

## usage
 - clone the project to a folder
 - install required python packages with `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
 - create a discord bot in the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications/), you will need the token to continue
 - give merely the token with
   - `export MerelyBeta="TOKEN"` on linux
   - `setx MerelyBeta "TOKEN"` on windows
   - *it's recommended you create a .bat or .sh file which assigns these variables whenever you start the bot*
 - run it with `python3 merelybot.py`

after the first run, you can enable commands by editing the file at merely_data/config.ini in order to enable modules. simply switch the value of each module you want from `False` to `True`, note that the meme module has external dependencies and will not work in a local environment yet.

once modules have been enabled, you can list commands available to you using `m/help` in a discord channel the bot has access to.

## contributing
work is being done towards making merely customisible, with custom prefixes and dynamic help menus. the ultimate goal is to make it possible for people to host their own customized discord bots using merely as a base, perhaps even being able to install more modules made by other people.

feel free to fix any bugs or add new features to a fork, and send me a pull request, pretty standard github stuff.

## modules
| module | description | added |
| ------ | ----------- | ----- |
| [main](merelybot.py)* | imports all modules, creates some global variables, establishes a log, and runs the main loop | 0.1.0 |
| [globals](globals.py)* | contains global variables and configuration data | 0.1.0 |
| [help](help.py)<sup>1</sup> | help contains help strings for all commands, lists of commands, lists of hints and other documentation. | 0.1.0 |
| [search](search.py) | google, google images and help search libraries/commands | 0.1.0 |
| [admin](admin.py) | commands restricted to mods and server owners | 0.1.0 |
| [censor](censor.py) | the blacklist, whitelist and algorithms used to determine if blacklisted words are in a string, also sass | 0.1.0 |
| [emformat](emformat.py) | useful functions for formatting strings into discord embeds | 0.1.0 |
| [fun](fun.py) | fun commands available to everyone, like `m/echo`, `m/vote` and `m/dice` | 0.1.0 |
| [meme](meme.py) | connects to [MemeDB](https://meme.yiays.com/) and provides commands and react buttons to interact with it. *legacy: stores and shares memes in a local database* | 0.1.0 |
| [webserver](webserver.py)<sup>1</sup> | serves [merely.yiays.com](https://merely.yiays.com/) | 0.2.0 |
| [stats](stats.py)<sup>1</sup> | statistics collection and storage, `m/stats` and [the stats page](https://merely.yiays.com/stats.html) | 0.2.0 |
| [obsolete](obsolete.py) | stores stubs for old obsolete commands and promotes merely music when someone attempts to use musicbot commands | 0.2.3 |
| [utils](utils.py) | provides useful general functions for programming merely | 0.7.3 |
| [tools](tools.py) | provides tools for all users (unlike admin, which is for mods and server owners) like `m/shorten` | 0.7.4 |

 - \* = must be imported for minimal functionality
 - <sup>n</sup> = these modules are codependant - they must be enabled together
